add whitelabeling (#1497)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/v13.0.3.md

Once you have configured the Runtime Monitoring system for your Project, you can now define the scraping rules for each of your Microservice containers. You can perform such action in the `Monitoring` tab of each Microservice's details page.  
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/microservice-monitoring.md).

### Whitelabeling for Self-Hosted Clients

> During Self-Hosted installations, it is now possible to customize certain product properties to suit client' needs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a Self-Hosted installation, it is now possible to customize certain Console images to suit the client needs. 

```

The customizable properties are:
- Login page logo;
- Background of the login page;

> - Favicon page;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Favicon;

```

> - Sidebar logo (extended and collapsed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sidebar logos (in both extended and collapsed versions).

```

> For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling).

```

> For more information, visit the related [documentation page] (/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, visit the related [documentation page] (/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).
```suggestion
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).

```
```

Once you have configured the Runtime Monitoring system for your Project, you can now define the scraping rules for each of your Microservice containers. You can perform such action in the `Monitoring` tab of each Microservice's details page.  
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/microservice-monitoring.md).

### Whitelabeling for Self-Hosted Clients

During Self-Hosted installations, it is now possible to customize certain product properties to suit client' needs. 

The customizable properties are:
- Login page logo;
- Background of the login page;
- Favicon page;
- Sidebar logo (extended and collapsed).

> For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).

```

Once you have configured the Runtime Monitoring system for your Project, you can now define the scraping rules for each of your Microservice containers. You can perform such action in the `Monitoring` tab of each Microservice's details page.  
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/microservice-monitoring.md).

### Whitelabeling for Self-Hosted Clients

During a Self-Hosted installation, it is now possible to customize certain Console images to suit the client needs. 

The customizable properties are:
- Login page logo;
- Background of the login page;
- Favicon;

- Sidebar logos (in both extended and collapsed versions).

> For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/whitelabeling.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit the related [documentation page](/infrastructure/self-hosted/installation-chart/helm-values/80_whitelabeling.md).

```
